en3	AEC	Endothelial	Arterioles	Arterioles
en2	EnU	Endothelial	Endothelial (Unassigned)	Endothelial (Unassigned)
en8	GE2	Endothelial	Glomerular Capillaries	Glomerular Capillaries 2
en1	VR3	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 3/4
en9	VR4	Endothelial	Vasa Recta	Vasa Recta 4/3
en4	VEC	Endothelial	Venular Endothelium	Venular Endothelium
ep1	iTU	Epithelial	Injured Tubular Epithelial	Injured Tubular Epithelial
ep2	PEC	Epithelial	Parietal Epithelial Cells	Parietal Epithelial Cells
hem7	DC	Immune	Dendritic Cells	Dendritic Cells
smc2	Fi2	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 2b
smc6	Fi3	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 3
ep4	Fi6	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 6a
ep5	Fi6	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 6b
ep6	Fi6	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 6c
ep7	Fi6	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 6d
ep8	Fi6	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 6e
smc5	Fi7	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 7
smc1	Mesa1	Mesenchymal	Mesangial Cells	Mesangial Cells 1
en6	Mesa2	Mesenchymal	Mesangial Cells	Mesangial Cells 2
en7	Mesa3	Mesenchymal	Mesangial Cells	Mesangial Cells 3
en5	Mesa4	Mesenchymal	Mesangial Cells	Mesangial Cells 4
smc4	MF1	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblasts	Myofibroblasts 1
smc7	MF2	Mesenchymal	Myofibroblasts	Myofibroblasts 2
smc8	Fi2	Mesenchymal	Fibroblasts	Fibroblast 2a
smc3	Pe2	Mesenchymal	Pericytes	Pericytes 2
smc9	vSMC2	Mesenchymal	Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells	Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells 2
